Moves LLM connector guides to explore-analyze section (#4224)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/_snippets/elastic-managed-llm.md

[Elastic Managed LLM](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/kibana/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm) is the default large language model (LLM) connector available in {{kib}} for eligible users. It provides immediate access to generative AI features without requiring any setup or external model integration.

> Elastic Managed LLM is available out-of-the box; it does not require manual connector setup or API key management. However, you can configure and use a third-party LLM connector, such as OpenAI, Azure, or Amazon Bedrock if you prefer.

Author: Yeah, I had a similar thought when I looked at this.

[Elastic Managed LLM](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/kibana/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm) is the default large language model (LLM) connector available in {{kib}} for eligible users. It provides immediate access to generative AI features without requiring any setup or external model integration.

> Elastic Managed LLM is available out-of-the box; it does not require manual configuration or API key management. Alternatively, you can configure and use a third-party LLM connector, such as OpenAI, Azure, or Amazon Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elastic Managed LLM connector is available out-of-the box and enabled by default with the **Enterprise** subscription; it does not require manual configuration or API key management. Alternatively, you can configure and use a third-party LLM connector, such as OpenAI, Azure, or Amazon Bedrock.
```
Would this be more explicit than "Eligible users"? I based my suggestion on the pricing page that shows the Elastic Managed LLM as available for Enterprise subscriptions

> To learn more about security and data privacy, refer to [Elastic Managed LLM](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/kibana/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm) and [download the model card](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/refs/heads/main/docs/reference/resources/Elastic_Managed_LLM_model_card.pdf).

Reviewer 2: So the connector is called Elastic Managed LLM, but the underlying models are called General Purpose LLM v1 and General Purpose LLM v2 for now, but there are plans to use their original names in the docs and on the UI, soon(ish). In the meantime, I would say something along these lines:

```suggestion
To learn more about security and data privacy, refer to the [Elastic Managed LLM](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/kibana/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm) page, which provides the technical details on the model used by the connector.
```

or something similar, you know, with some more word-smithing.
